[Doc] Update config doc (#2048)
open-mmlab/mmsegmentation: docs/en/user_guides/1_config.md

resume = False  # Whether to resume from existed model.
```

> These are all the configs for training and testing PSPNet, we use [MMEngine](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine) to load and parse these configs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an example that is all the configs for training and testing PSPNet, and how to load it with [`Config`](URL for config tutorial in English) implemented in [MMEngine](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine).
```

> These are all the configs for training and testing PSPNet, we use [MMEngine](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine) to load and parse these configs.

Reviewer: we use [MMEngine](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine) to load and parse these configs.- > 
```
To load and parse them, we can use [`Config`](URL cfg tutorial in English) implemented in [MMEngine](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine)
```

```python
from mmengine.config import Config

cfg = Config.fromfile('configs/pspnet/pspnet_r50-d8_4xb2-40k_cityscapes-512x1024.py')
print(cfg.train_dataloader)
```

```shell
{'batch_size': 2,
 'num_workers': 2,
 'persistent_workers': True,
 'sampler': {'type': 'InfiniteSampler', 'shuffle': True},
 'dataset': {'type': 'CityscapesDataset',
  'data_root': 'data/cityscapes/',
  'data_prefix': {'img_path': 'leftImg8bit/train',
   'seg_map_path': 'gtFine/train'},
  'pipeline': [{'type': 'LoadImageFromFile'},
   {'type': 'LoadAnnotations'},
   {'type': 'RandomResize',
    'scale': (2048, 1024),
    'ratio_range': (0.5, 2.0),
    'keep_ratio': True},
   {'type': 'RandomCrop', 'crop_size': (512, 1024), 'cat_max_ratio': 0.75},
   {'type': 'RandomFlip', 'prob': 0.5},
   {'type': 'PhotoMetricDistortion'},
   {'type': 'PackSegInputs'}]}}
```

> `cfg` is an instance of `mmengine.config.Config`, its interface is the same as a dict object and also allows access config values as attributes. See [MMEngine](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/blob/main/docs/zh_cn/tutorials/config.md) for more information.

Reviewer: See MMEngine - > See config tutorial in MMEngine

## FAQ

### Ignore some fields in the base configs

> Sometimes, you may set `_delete_=True` to ignore some of the fields in base configs.

Reviewer: there is no example below for `_delete_=True`

> You may refer to [MMEngine](https://mmengine.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/config.html) for simple illustration.

Reviewer: same problem as above

resume = False  # Whether to resume from existed model.
```

These are all the configs for training and testing PSPNet, to load and parse them, we can use [Config](https://mmengine.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/config.html) implemented in [MMEngine](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine)

```python
from mmengine.config import Config

cfg = Config.fromfile('configs/pspnet/pspnet_r50-d8_4xb2-40k_cityscapes-512x1024.py')
print(cfg.train_dataloader)
```

```shell
{'batch_size': 2,
 'num_workers': 2,
 'persistent_workers': True,
 'sampler': {'type': 'InfiniteSampler', 'shuffle': True},
 'dataset': {'type': 'CityscapesDataset',
  'data_root': 'data/cityscapes/',
  'data_prefix': {'img_path': 'leftImg8bit/train',
   'seg_map_path': 'gtFine/train'},
  'pipeline': [{'type': 'LoadImageFromFile'},
   {'type': 'LoadAnnotations'},
   {'type': 'RandomResize',
    'scale': (2048, 1024),
    'ratio_range': (0.5, 2.0),
    'keep_ratio': True},
   {'type': 'RandomCrop', 'crop_size': (512, 1024), 'cat_max_ratio': 0.75},
   {'type': 'RandomFlip', 'prob': 0.5},
   {'type': 'PhotoMetricDistortion'},
   {'type': 'PackSegInputs'}]}}
```

> `cfg` is an instance of `mmengine.config.Config`, its interface is the same as a dict object and also allows access config values as attributes. See config tutorial in [MMEngine](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/blob/main/docs/zh_cn/tutorials/config.md) for more information.

Reviewer: I suggest use English version, and move doc link to tutorial and add engine github link for  mmengine

## FAQ

### Ignore some fields in the base configs

Sometimes, you may set `_delete_=True` to ignore some of the fields in base configs.

> See config tutorial in [MMEngine](https://mmengine.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/config.html) for simple illustration.

Reviewer: same problem as above

    auxiliary_head=dict(...))
```

```python
from mmengine.config import Config

cfg = Config.fromfile('configs/pspnet/pspnet_r50-d8_4xb2-40k_cityscapes-512x1024.py')

> print(cfg.model.backbone)

Reviewer: I have little question why there is load `configs/pspnet/pspnet_r50-d8_4xb2-40k_cityscapes-512x1024.py` file, as both of above code block and the description have nothing to do with this file.

My suggestion is complete this example. Like tell users if you would like to modify something (the more specific the better), you can write a new config file and import the base config and modify the value, and here is an example

The `_delete_=True` would replace all old keys in `backbone` field with new keys.

```python
from mmengine.config import Config

> cfg = Config.fromfile('hrnet.py')

Reviewer: same problem as above
what and where is `hrnet.py`

  2. `--cfg-options model.data_preprocessor.sigma_range=0,0.05`. Note that **NO** white space is allowed in the specified value.
     In addition, if the original type is tuple, it will be automatically converted to list after this way.

We can check the modified config:

```python
from mmengine.config import Config

cfg = config.fromfile('pspnet_r50-d8_4xb2-40k_cityscapes-512x1024.py')

> print(cfg.model.data_preprocessor)

Reviewer: these lines don't apply `--cfg-options `, so why did the value change?

I just suggest we should tell the users `--cfg-options ` is used in train.py and `test.py` scrips and the function of `cfg_options` like what does the cfg include before and after applying the 'cfg options'

## Modify config through script arguments

> In the [training script](../../../tools/train.py) and the [testing script](../../../tools/test.py), we support the script argument `--cfg-options`, it may help users override some settings in the used config, the key-value pair in `xxx=yyy` format will be merged into config file.

Reviewer: ../../../tools/train.py -> https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmsegmentation/blob/1.x/tools/train.py

```

- Update values of list/tuples.

  If the value to be updated is a list or a tuple. For example, the config file `demo_config.py` sets `strides=(1, 2, 1, 1)` in `backbone`.
  If you want to change this key, you may specify in two ways:

  1. `--cfg-options backbone.strides="(1, 1, 1, 1)"`. Note that the quotation mark " is necessary to support list/tuple data types.

     ```shell
     python demo_script.py demo_config.py --cfg-options backbone.strides="(1, 1, 1, 1)"
     ```

     ```shell
     Config (path: demo_config.py): {'backbone': {'type': 'ResNetV1c', 'depth': 50, 'num_stages': 4, 'out_indices': (0, 1, 2, 3), 'dilations': (1, 1, 2, 4), 'strides': (1, 1, 1, 1), 'norm_eval': False, 'style': 'pytorch', 'contract_dilation': True}}
     ```

  2. `--cfg-options backbone.strides=1,1,1,1`. Note that **NO** white space is allowed in the specified value.
     In addition, if the original type is tuple, it will be automatically converted to list after this way.

     ```shell

>      python demo_script.py demo_config.py --cfg-options backbone.strides="(1, 1, 1, 1)"

Reviewer: I think there should be` --cfg-options backbone.strides=1, 1, 1, 1`

Author: > I think there should be` --cfg-options backbone.strides=1, 1, 1, 1`

That will report an error.
https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmsegmentation/blob/6cdc2c4a8a4f3abc71ee8acdd52c0a46326abe4c/docs/en/user_guides/1_config.md?plain=1#L369
